Share: Share your unique referral code with your friends and family to earn referral benefits. The more you share, the more benefits you get!

Refer: Your friend must install the AbhiBus app and enter your unique code while signing up.

Reward: Once they successfully sign up, they will receive a voucher of ₹ 250 instant discount + 10% up to ₹ 250 cashback that can be availed on their first ever booking.

Earn: After the completion of their first travel you will receive a discount voucher worth ₹ 150.
ticket price of the friend's bus ticket should be more than Rs.100 to qualify for the discount offer.

Rescheduling of tickets booked using the codes is not permitted.

You can avail exclusive discount vouchers by inviting your friends to make a booking on thebustand’ latest Android and iOS mobile app.

Once your friend has successfully signed up using your referral code and completed their first journey, you will receive a discount coupon of 15% up to Rs.150 instant discount which can be redeemed for future bookings within 90 days.

Your friend can only avail the benefit if they are a new user of thebustand i.e they are transacting for the first time with thebustand
Their phone number or email address must not already be registered with thebustand.

If your friend has received an invitation from multiple friends, the benefit would be provided to the user whose referral code was used during the signup/registration.

If your friend cancels their first booking, the referral URL will not be reactivated.

In case your friend cancels the booking before the travel date, you will not earn any referral reward.

The referral discount coupons which have been given as part of the program cannot be withdrawn into any payment instrument like Debit Card, Credit Card, Bank Account etc.

thebustand reserves the right to terminate this program or any user's ability to participate in the program at any point in time for any reason at their discretion. The coupon code received as a result of fraudulent activity will be revoked and deemed invalid.

thebustand reserves the right to amend the Terms and Conditions at any point in time, without any prior notice. Modifications of these terms will be effective from the time they are updated in the T&Cs section. Disputes are subject to Hyderabad jurisdiction only.