Your friend's (the receiver of your unique coupon code) discount coupon is valid for booking and travel for 30 days from the date of issue.

The voucher coupon once used for booking will be considered utilized and no fresh codes will be issued if the booking is cancelled.

The discount coupon is not applicable for RTC bookings.

Your friend’s voucher gets them a new user discount of 20% up to Rs.250 instant discount + 10% up to Rs.250 Promotional AbhiCash on their 1st ever bus booking.

The minimum ticket price of the friend's bus ticket should be more than Rs.100 to qualify for the discount offer.

Rescheduling of tickets booked using the codes is not permitted.

You can avail exclusive discount vouchers by inviting your friends to make a booking on AbhiBus’ latest Android and iOS mobile app.

Once your friend has successfully signed up using your referral code and completed their first journey, you will receive a discount coupon of 15% up to Rs.150 instant discount which can be redeemed for future bookings within 90 days.

Your friend can only avail the benefit if they are a new user of AbhiBus i.e they are transacting for the first time with AbhiBus
Their phone number or email address must not already be registered with AbhiBus.

If your friend has received an invitation from multiple friends, the benefit would be provided to the user whose referral code was used during the signup/registration.

If your friend cancels their first booking, the referral URL will not be reactivated.

In case your friend cancels the booking before the travel date, you will not earn any referral reward.

The referral discount coupons which have been given as part of the program cannot be withdrawn into any payment instrument like Debit Card, Credit Card, Bank Account etc.

AbhiBus reserves the right to terminate this program or any user's ability to participate in the program at any point in time for any reason at their discretion. The coupon code received as a result of fraudulent activity will be revoked and deemed invalid.

AbhiBus reserves the right to amend the Terms and Conditions at any point in time, without any prior notice. Modifications of these terms will be effective from the time they are updated in the T&Cs section. Disputes are subject to Hyderabad jurisdiction only.