This plan can be availed by registered / non-registered users / customers on the TbsBus platform by selecting the option of TbsBus Assurance Program to protect their travel under the policy. 
This program will be applicable only to the trips booked through the TbsBus platform. The protection cover under this program starts when the person takes the onward bus and ends when the trip is completed, or a maximum period of 15 days from the trip (whichever is earlier). 
A) Personal Accident Cover 
The cover includes the following: 
1. Personal accident cover to a maximum coverage amount of Rs. 5,00,000/- 
A lump sum pay-out in case of death or permanent total disablement or permanent partial disablement of the insured during the policy period 
Exclusions: 
Suicide or attempted Suicide, intentional self-inflicted injury, acts of self- destruction whether the Insured Person is medically sane or insane. 
Death or disablement arising out of or attributable to foreign invasion, act of foreign enemies, hostilities, warlike operations (whether war be declared or not or while performing duties in the armed forces of any country during war or at peace time), participation in any naval, military or air-force operation, civil war, public defense, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, military or usurped power. 
Death caused by or associated with any venereal disease, sexually transmitted disease. 
Death resulting from, contributed or aggravated or prolonged by childbirth or from pregnancy or a consequence thereof including ectopic pregnancy unless specifically arising due to accident; 
Death caused by participation of the Insured Person in any flying activity, except as a bona fide, an authorised passenger of a recognized airline on regular routes and on a scheduled timetable. 
Death arising from or caused by ionizing radiation or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel (explosive or hazardous form) or resulting from or from any other cause or event contributing concurrently or in any other sequence to the loss, claim or expense from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel, nuclear, chemical or biological attack. 
Chemical attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any solid, liquid or gaseous chemical compound which, when suitably distributed, is capable of causing any Illness, Incapacitating disablement or death. 
Biological attack or weapons means the emission, discharge, dispersal, release or escape of any pathogenic (disease producing) microorganisms and/or biologically produced toxins (including genetically modified organisms and chemically synthesized toxins) which are capable of causing any Illness, incapacitating disablement. 
2. Accidental hospitalisation expenses to a maximum coverage amount of Rs. 75,000/- 
Reimbursement of expenses incurred in case of hospitalisation due to an accidental Injury sustained during the policy period on the advice of a Medical Practitioner. 
Exclusions: 
Pre-hospitalization Medical Expenses; 
Post-hospitalisation Medical Expenses; 
Out- patient expense 
AYUSH Treatments. 
Any treatment that is not a part of the treatment for injury sustained during the policy period 
Other conditions applicable to this cover: 
The Person should be between the ages of 1 to 70 years and should hold a valid bank account in India. 
Any claim due to or arising out of pre-existing medical condition/ailment whether declared or undeclared is not covered under the policy. 
B) Trip Cancellation by Bus Operator 
TbsBus will credit the sum assured to customer’s TbsBus wallet if the aforesaid customer's booked and confirmed journey is cancelled prior to the scheduled departure by the Bus Operator. The money added to TbsBus wallet can be used for future bookings on TbsBus platform without any restriction till 1 year from the date of credit, post which it would expire. 
This protection cover will be applicable when Bus operator cancels the bus and does not provide a replacement bus within 24 hours. 
The following cases will not be covered under this policy in cases wherein: 
The Bus breaks down after having left the source. 
Customer misses the bus. 
Maximum timeline for claim creation will be 15 days from the date of travel. Customers can file a claim for any of these coverage on the TbsBus Website or App. Alternatively, the customer can reach TbsBus customer support to register their claim 
TbsBus shall not be liable to the customer in any manner whatsoever for any failure or delay in performing its obligations as stated above due to force majeure. Force majeure means any cause beyond the reasonable control of a Party such as governmental action, war, rioting, civil commotion, fire, flood, epidemic, including lockdown, labour dispute involving the workforce or any part thereof of the Party or an Act of God. 
Customer availing this program will also agree to the TbsBus terms and conditions.