APPLICABILITY\r\nThis User Agreement along with Terms of Service (collectively, the\" User Agreement”) forms the terms and conditions for the use of services and products of TBSBUS, which is a brand owned, managed and operated by TBSBUS India Private Limited. \r\nAny person (\"User\") who inquiries about or purchases any products or services of TBSBUS through its websites, mobile applications, sales persons, offices, call centers, branch offices, franchisees, agents etc. (all the aforesaid platforms collectively referred to as “Sales Channels”) agree to be governed by this User Agreement. The websites and the mobile applications of TBSBUS are collectively referred to as ‘Website’. \r\nBoth User and TBSBUS are individually referred to as 'Party' and collectively referred to as 'Parties' to the User Agreement. \r\n“Terms of Service” available on TBSBUS’s website details out terms & conditions applicable on various services or products enabled by TBSBUS. The User should refer to the relevant Terms of Service applicable for the given product or service as booked by the User. Such Terms of Service are binding on the User. \r\nELIGIBILITY TO USE \r\nThe User must be atleast 18 years of age and must possess the legal authority to enter into an agreement so as become a User and use the services of TBSBUS. If you are a minor or are below the age of 18 years, you shall not register as a User of the Website and shall not transact on or use the Website. \r\nAs a minor if you wish to use or transact on the Website, such use or transaction shall only be made by a person of legal contracting age (legal guardian or parents). We reserve the right to terminate your membership and/or block access to the Website if it is discovered that you are a minor or incompetent to contract according to the law or any information pertaining to your age entered at the time of creation of account is false. \r\nBefore using the Website, approaching any Sales Channels or procuring the services of TBSBUS, the Users shall compulsorily read and understand this User Agreement, and shall be deemed to have accepted this User Agreement as a binding document that governs User’s dealings and transactions with TBSBUS. If the User does not agree with any part of this Agreement, then the User must not avail TBSBUS's services and must not access or approach the Sales Channels of TBSBUS. \r\nAll rights and liabilities of the User and TBSBUS with respect to any services or product enabled by TBSBUS shall be restricted to the scope of this User Agreement. \r\nCONTENT \r\nAll content provided through various Sales Channels, including but not limited to audio, images, software, text, icons and such similar content (\"Content\"), are registered by TBSBUS and protected under applicable intellectual property laws. User cannot use this Content for any other purpose, except as specified herein. \r\nUser agrees to follow all instructions provided by TBSBUS which will prescribe the way such User may use the Content. \r\nThere are a number of proprietary logos, service marks and trademarks displayed on the Website and through other Sales Channels of TBSBUS, as may be applicable. TBSBUS does not grant the User a license, right or authority to utilize such proprietary logos, service marks, or trademarks in any manner. Any unauthorized use of the Content, will be in violation of the applicable law. \r\nWEBSITE \r\nThe Website is meant to be used by bonafide User(s) for a lawful use. \r\nUser shall not distribute exchange, modify, sell or transmit anything from the Website, including but not limited to any text, images, audio and video, for any business, commercial or public purpose. \r\nThe User Agreement grants a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use this Website as expressly permitted in this User Agreement. The User agrees not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the Website in any manner whatsoever. \r\nAccess to certain features of the Website may only be available to registered User(s). The process of registration, may require the User to answer certain questions or provide certain information that may or may not be personal in nature. Some such fields may be mandatory or optional. User represents and warrants that all information supplied to TBSBUS is true and accurate. \r\nTBSBUS reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the access to the Website and the services offered on the same or any portion thereof at any time, without notice, for general maintenance or any other reason whatsoever. \r\nTBSBUS will always make its best endeavors to ensure that the content on its websites or other sales channels are free of any virus or such other malwares. However, any data or information downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Website or any other Sales Channel is done entirely at the User’s own discretion and risk and they will be solely responsible for any damage to their computer systems or loss of data that may result from the download of such data or information. \r\nTBSBUS reserves the right to periodically make improvements or changes in its Website at any time without any prior notice to the User. \r\nUser(s) are requested to report any content on the Website which is deemed to be unlawful, objectionable, libelous, defamatory, obscene, harassing, invasive to privacy, abusive, fraudulent, against any religious beliefs, spam, or is violative of any applicable law to report@TBSBUS.com. On receiving such report, TBSBUS reserves the right to investigate and/or take such action as the Company may deem appropriate. \r\nUser(s) shall not host, display, upload, publish, transmit or share any information on TBSBUS’s website or app which: \r\nbelongs to another person and to which the User does not have any right; \r\nis obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, invasive of another’s privacy including bodily privacy, insulting or harassing on the basis of gender, racially or ethnically objectionable, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or promoting enmity between different groups on the grounds of religion or caste with the intent to incite violence; \r\nis harmful to child; \r\ninfringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights; \r\ndeceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of the message or knowingly and intentionally communicates any misinformation or information which is patently false and untrue or misleading in nature; \r\nimpersonates another person; \r\nthreatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign States, or public order, or causes incitement to the commission of any cognisable offence, or prevents investigation of any offence, or is insulting other nation; \r\ncontains software virus or any other computer code, file or program designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of TBSBUS’s platform; \r\nviolates any law for the time being in force; \r\n\r\nPROCEDURE TO REPORT OBJECTIONABLE/INFRINGING CONTENT \r\nUser(s) can report any content on the Website/App which is deemed to be unlawful, objectionable, libelous, defamatory, obscene, harassing, invasive to privacy, abusive, fraudulent, against any religious beliefs, spam, or is violative of any applicable law. \r\nIf the individual is of the view that any content on or listings on TBSBUS contains any objectionable or infringing content, User(s) may fill out and submit the at ipr@go-mmt.com. TBSBUS shall endeavor to review all complete and valid complaints within the prescribed timeframe under applicable law. \r\nThe information shared as part of the complaint shall a) clearly identify the violations b) Location of the material on the Website, including but not limited to the link of the infringing material c) In case of any IP violations, proof of ownership of such IP and d) contact information \r\nComplainant consents that TBSBUS shall share the contents of any complaint with necessary third parties including without limitation the accused parties involved to determine the respective rights and liabilities against any allegedly illegal content. \r\nTBSBUS shall make commercially reasonable efforts to resolve all content related complaints within the time period prescribed under applicable law provided that: \r\nComplainant shall provide all relevant information and supporting documentation requested by TBSBUS to enable TBSBUS to evaluate the complaint; and, \r\nTBSBUS acts in good faith in the determination of any complaint and shall not be liable, in any manner whatsoever, for any act or omission of TBSBUS pursuant to such complaint, and no such act or omission shall be construed to be an admission of any liability. All of TBSBUS’s rights in such matters are fully reserved. TBSBUS does not provide any guarantee or warranty in respect of the outcome of any \r\nBOOKINGS BY TRAVEL AGENTS: \r\nExcept with the prior registration with TBSBUS as B2B agents, priority partner or a franchisee, and explicit permission of TBSBUS to use the Website, all travel agents, tour operators, consolidators or aggregators (“Travel Agents”) are barred from using this Website for any commercial or resale purpose. If any such bookings are detected, TBSBUS reserves the right, including without limitation, to cancel all such bookings immediately without any notice to such travel agents and also to withhold payments or any refunds thereto. TBSBUS shall not be held liable for any incidental loss or damage that may arise from the bookings made by any person through such Travel Agents. The liability in case of such cancellations shall be solely borne by such Travel Agents. \r\nAll discounts and offers mentioned on the Website are applicable only to the User(s) of TBSBUS for legitimate bookings. \r\nLIMITED LIABILITY OF TBSBUS \r\nUnless TBSBUS explicitly acts as a reseller in certain scenarios, TBSBUS always acts as an online technology platform by connecting the User with the respective service providers like bus operators etc. (collectively referred to as“Service Providers”). TBSBUS’s liability is limited to providing the User with a confirmed booking as selected by the User. \r\nAny issues or concerns faced by the User at the time of availing any such services shall be the sole responsibility of the Service Provider. TBSBUS will have no liability with respect to the acts, omissions, errors, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence on part of any Service Provider. \r\nUnless explicitly committed by TBSBUS as a part of any product or service: \r\nTBSBUS assumes no liability for the standard of services as provided by the respective Service Providers. \r\nTBSBUS provides no guarantee with regard to their quality or fitness as represented. \r\nTBSBUS doesn’t guarantee the availability of any services as listed by a Service Provider. \r\nBy making a booking, User understands TBSBUS merely provides a technology platform for booking of services and products and the ultimate liability rests on the respective Service Provider and not TBSBUS. Thus the ultimate contract of service is between User and Service Provider. \r\nUSER’S RESPONSIBILITY \r\nUsers are advised to check the description of the services and products carefully before making a booking. User(s) agree to be bound by all the conditions as contained in booking confirmation or as laid out in the confirmed booking voucher. These conditions are also to be read in consonance with the User Agreement. \r\nIf a User intends to make a booking on behalf of another person, it shall be the responsibility of the User to inform such person about the terms of this Agreement, including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto. \r\nThe User undertakes to abide by all procedures and guidelines, as modified from time to time, in connection with the use of the services available through TBSBUS. The User further undertakes to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, orders, directions etc. issued by either the Central Government, State Government, District Authorities or any other statutory body empowered to do so w.r.t use of services or for each transaction. \r\nThe services are provided on an\"as is\" and\"as available\" basis. TBSBUS may change the features or functionality of the services being provided at any time, in its sole discretion, without any prior notice. TBSBUS expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, reasonably fit for all purposes. No advice or information, whether oral or written, which the User obtains from TBSBUS or through the services opted shall create any warranty not expressly made herein or in the terms and conditions of the services. \r\nUser also authorizes TBSBUS’s representative to contact such user over phone, message and email. This consent shall supersede any preferences set by such User through national customer preference register (NCPR) or any other similar preferences. \r\nSECURITY AND ACCOUNT RELATED INFORMATION: \r\nWhile registering on the Website, the User will have to choose a password to access that User’s account and User shall be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of both the password and the account as well as for all activities on the account. It is the duty of the User to notify TBSBUS immediately in writing of any unauthorized use of their password or account or any other breach of security. TBSBUS will not be liable for any loss that may be incurred by the User as a result of unauthorized use of the password or account, either with or without the User’s knowledge. The User shall not use anyone else's account at any time. \r\nUser understands that any information that is provided to this Website may be read or intercepted by others due to any breach of security at the User’s end. \r\nTBSBUS keeps all the data in relation to credit card, debit card, bank information etc. secured and in an encrypted form in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. However, for cases of fraud detection, offering bookings on credit (finance) etc., TBSBUS may at times verify certain information of its Users like their credit score, as and when required \r\nTBSBUS adopts the best industry standard to secure the information as provided by the User. However, TBSBUS cannot guarantee that there will never be any security breach of its systems which may have an impact on User’s information too. \r\nThe data of the User as available with TBSBUS may be shared with concerned law enforcement agencies for any lawful or investigation purpose without the consent of the User. \r\nFEES AND PAYMENT \r\nIn addition to the cost of booking as charged by the Service Providers, TBSBUS reserves the right to charge certain fees in the nature of convenience fees or service fees. TBSBUS further reserves the right to alter any and all fees from time to time. Any such additional fees, including fee towards any modifications thereof, will be displayed to the User before confirming the booking or collecting the payment from such User. \r\nIn cases of short charging of the booking amount, taxes, statutory fee, convenience fee etc., owing to any technical error or other reason, TBSBUS shall reserve the right to deduct, charge or claim the balance amount from the User and the User shall pay such balance amount to TBSBUS. In cases where the short charge is claimed prior to the utilization of the booking, TBSBUS will be at liberty to cancel such bookings if the amount is not paid before the utilization date. \r\nAny increase in the price charged by TBSBUS on account of change in rate of taxes or imposition of new taxes, levies by Government shall have to be borne by the User. Such imposition of taxes, levies may be without prior notice and could also be retrospective but will always be as per applicable law. \r\nIn the rare circumstance of a booking not getting confirmed for any reason whatsoever, TBSBUS will process the refund of the booking amount paid by the User and intimate the User about the same. TBSBUS is not under any obligation to provide an alternate booking in lieu of or to compensate or replace the unconfirmed booking. All subsequent bookings will be treated as new transactions. Any applicable refund will be processed as per the defined policies of the service provider and TBSBUS as the case may be. \r\nThe User shall be completely responsible for all charges, fees, duties, taxes, and assessments arising out of the use of the service, as per the applicable laws \r\nThe User agrees and understands that all payments shall only be made to bank accounts of TBSBUS. TBSBUS or its agents, representatives or employees shall never ask a customer to transfer money to any private account or to an account not held in the name of TBSBUS. The User agrees that if that user transfers any amount against any booking or transaction to any bank account that is not legitimately held by TBSBUS or to any personal account of any person, TBSBUS shall not be held liable for the same. User shall not hold any right to recover from TBSBUS any amount which is transferred by the User to any third party. \r\nThe User will not share his personal sensitive information like credit/debit card number, CVV, OTP, card expiry date, user IDs, passwords etc. with any person including the agents, employees or representatives of TBSBUS. The User shall immediately inform TBSBUS if such details are demanded by any of its agents’ employees or representatives. TBSBUS shall not be liable for any loss that the User incurs for sharing the aforesaid details. \r\nRefunds, if any, on cancelled bookings will always be processed to the respective account or the banking instrument (credit card, wallet etc.) from which payment was made for that booking. \r\nBooking(s) made by the User through TBSBUS are subject to the applicable cancellation policy as set out on the booking page or as communicated to the customers in writing. \r\nTBSBUS WALLET \r\nTBSBUS may provide at its sole discretion, the facility to transact through an online TBSBUS wallet(“Wallet\")to its registered users with the following features: \r\nUpon cancellation of previously booked tickets, you would be accorded an option of either withdrawing such amounts to your bank account/credit card linked to the account or to the Wallet. \r\nThe cash equivalent balance available in the Wallet may be used by the Customer for making vehicle bookings or to avail any other services available at www.TBSBUS.in (Website) and TBSBUS Mobile Application only. \r\nThe present form and format of the Wallet, issued by TBSBUS to its Customers, is modelled on a closed system prepaid payment instrument. \r\nAny promotional cash credited into your Wallet by TBSBUS, will not be refundable into your bank account under any circumstances. On cancellation of a reservation of services provided by TBSBUS, any utilised promotional cash will be forfeited. This promotional cash has an expiry date beyond which, it will not be available for your usage. \r\nThe customers are advised to use the amount lying in the Wallet within its validity period. Any amount lying unutilised (except promotional cash deposited by TBSBUS) beyond a period of three hundred and sixty-five days shall be deemed to be held in trust with the Company. It will be held in trust for a maximum period of one year, after which TBSBUS will make reasonable efforts to transfer such amount to the beneficiary and if such transfer is not an option, any unclaimed amount will be forfeited. \r\nMaximum of 10% of the ticket price can be availed from the wallet promotional cash for ticket booking. TBSBUS reserves the right to modify such percentage at its sole discretion without any prior intimation. \r\nThe amount lying in the Wallet is not transferable to any other Wallet of the same or different user. \r\nThe option of keeping the refund amount in Wallet is available only to resident Indians only. Also, the amount lying in the Wallets are not available for transactions in foreign currency. \r\nBy choosing the option to maintain the Wallet with the Company, you agree to comply with the aforesaid terms and conditions. \r\nThe Company reserves the right to suspend/discontinue Wallet scheme to customers at any time, for any cause, including, but not limited to, for any violation of the Terms and Conditions mentioned herein by the Wallet user or to comply with any rules, regulations, orders, directions, notifications issued by any regulatory authority. \r\nThe Company makes no express or implied warranty, guarantee, representation or undertaking whatsoever regarding the Services, which are not expressly mentioned herein. \r\nThe Company may at its sole discretion change, by addition or deletion, these Terms and Conditions. \r\nUSAGE OF THE MOBILE NUMBER, COMMUNICATION DETAILS OF THE USER BY TBSBUS \r\nTBSBUS will send booking confirmation, itinerary information, cancellation, payment confirmation, refund status, schedule change or any such other information relevant for the transaction or booking made by the User, via SMS, internet-based messaging applications like WhatsApp, voice call, e-mail or any other alternate communication detail provided by the User at the time of booking. \r\nTBSBUS may also contact the User through the modes mentioned above for any pending or failed bookings, to know the preference of the User for concluding the booking and also to help the User for the same. \r\nThe User hereby unconditionally consents that such communications via SMS, internet-based messaging applications like WhatsApp, voice call, email or any other mode by TBSBUS are: \r\nupon the request and authorization of the User; \r\n‘transactional’ and not an ‘unsolicited commercial communication’ as per the guidelines of Telecom Regulation Authority of India (TRAI), and \r\nin compliance with the relevant guidelines of TRAI or such other authority in India and abroad. \r\nThe User will indemnify TBSBUS against all types of losses and damages incurred by TBSBUS due to any action taken by TRAI, Access Providers (as per TRAI regulations) or any other authority due to any erroneous complaint raised by the User on TBSBUS with respect to the communications mentioned above or due to a wrong number or email id being provided by the User for any reason whatsoever. \r\nINSURANCE \r\nUnless explicitly provided by TBSBUS in any specific service or deliverable, obtaining sufficient insurance coverage is the obligation of the User. In no case TBSBUS shall accept any claims arising out of such scenarios. \r\nInsurance, if any provided as a part of the service or product by TBSBUS shall be as per the terms and conditions of the third-party insurance company. TBSBUS merely acts as an online technology platform in connecting the User with insurance company. The User shall contact the insurance company directly for any claims or disputes. TBSBUS shall not be held liable in case of partial acceptance or denial of the claims by the insurance company. \r\nFORCE MAJEURE \r\nThere can be exceptional circumstances where TBSBUS and / or the Service Providers may be unable to honor the confirmed bookings due to various reasons like act of God, labor unrest, insolvency, business exigencies, government decisions, terrorist activity, any operational and technical issues, route etc. or any other reason beyond the control of TBSBUS. If TBSBUS has advance knowledge of any such situations where dishonor of bookings may happen, it will make its best efforts to provide similar alternative to the User or refund the booking amount after deducting applicable service charges, if supported and refunded by that respective service operators. The User agrees that TBSBUS being merely an online technology platform of the services and products booked, cannot be held responsible for any such Force Majeure circumstance. The User has to contact the Service Provider directly for any further resolutions and refunds. \r\nThe User agrees that in the event of non-confirmation of booking due to any technical reasons (like network downtime, disconnection with third party platforms such as payment gateways, banks etc.) or any other similar failures, TBSBUS’s obligation shall be limited refunding the booking amount, if any, received from the customer. Such refund shall completely discharge TBSBUS from all liabilities with respect to that transaction. Additional liabilities, if any, shall be borne by the User. \r\nIn no event shall TBSBUS and be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages, and any other damages like damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Website or any other Sales Channel. \r\nADVERTISERS ON TBSBUS, AND LINKED WEBSITES \r\nThe Website may contain links to third party websites. TBSBUS does not control such websites and is not responsible for its contents. If a User accesses any third-party website, the same shall be done entirely at the User’s risk and TBSBUS shall assume no liability for the same. \r\nTBSBUS is not responsible for any errors, omissions or representations on any of its pages, links or any linked website pages to the extent such information is updated or provided directly by the Service Providers or the advertisers. \r\nTBSBUS does not endorse any advertisers on its Website, or any linked sites in any manner. The Users are requested to verify the accuracy of all information provided on the third-party web pages. \r\nThe linked sites are not under the control of TBSBUS and hence TBSBUS is not responsible for the contents of any linked site(s) or any further links on such site(s), or any changes or updates to such sites. TBSBUS is providing these links to the Users only as a convenience. \r\nRIGHT TO REFUSE \r\nRight to Refusal by TBSBUS: \r\nTBSBUS at its sole discretion reserves the right to not accept any booking without assigning any reason thereof. \r\nTBSBUS will not provide any service or share confirmed booking details till such time the complete consideration is received from the User \r\nIn addition to other remedies and recourse available to TBSBUS under this User Agreement or under applicable law, TBSBUS may limit the User's activity, warn other users of the User's actions, immediately suspend or terminate the User's registration, or refuse to provide the User with access to the Website if: \r\nThe User is in breach of this User Agreement; or \r\nTBSBUS is unable to verify or authenticate any information provided by the User, or \r\nTBSBUS believes that the User's actions may infringe on any third-party rights or breach any applicable law or otherwise result in any liability for the User, other users of TBSBUS, or TBSBUS itself. \r\nOnce a User has been suspended or terminated, such User shall not register or attempt to register with TBSBUS with different credentials, or use the Website in any manner whatsoever until such User is reinstated by TBSBUS. TBSBUS may at any time in its sole discretion reinstate suspended users. \r\nIf a User breaches this User Agreement, TBSBUS reserves the right to recover any amounts due to be paid by the User to TBSBUS, and to take appropriate legal action as it deems necessary. \r\nThe User shall not write or send any content to TBSBUS which is, or communicate with TBSBUS using language or content which is: \r\nabusive, threatening, offensive, defamatory, coercive, obscene, belligerent, glorifying violence, vulgar, sexually explicit, pornographic, illicit or otherwise objectionable; \r\ncontrary to any applicable law; \r\nviolates third parties' intellectual property rights; \r\na spam; or \r\nin breach of any other part of these terms and conditions of use. \r\nIf the User violates any of the aforesaid terms, TBSBUS shall be at liberty to take appropriate legal action against the User. \r\nRight to Refusal by the Service Provider \r\nUser agrees that that the end service provider may refuse to provide the service(s), agreed to be provided to the User, for any booking made through TBSBUS with/without assigning any reasons or owing to reasons including but not limited to behavioural issues, public safety, health hazards, infectious diseases, government orders/notification etc. In such scenarios of refusal, the liability that may ensue shall solely vest with the end service provider as it is outside the purview of TBSBUS and the User agrees that any claim, refund or damages against such refusal shall lie solely against the end service provider and not TBSBUS. \r\nRIGHT TO CANCEL \r\nThe User expressly undertakes to provide TBSBUS with correct and valid information while making use of the Website under this User Agreement, and not to make any misrepresentation of facts. Any default on part of the User would disentitle the User from availing the services from TBSBUS. \r\nIn case TBSBUS discovers or has reasons to believe at any time during or after receiving a request for services from the User that the request for services is either unauthorized or the information provided by the User or any of the travelers is not correct or that any fact has been misrepresented by that User, TBSBUS shall be entitled to appropriate legal remedies against the User, including cancellation of the bookings, without any prior intimation to the User. In such an event, TBSBUS shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage that may be caused to the User or any other person in the booking, as a consequence of such cancellation of booking or services. \r\nIf any judicial, quasi-judicial, investigation agency, government authority approaches TBSBUS to cancel any booking, TBSBUS will cancel the same without approaching the concerned User whose booking has been cancelled. \r\nThe User shall not hold TBSBUS responsible for any loss or damage arising out of measures taken by TBSBUS for safeguarding its own interest and that of its genuine customers. This would also include TBSBUS denying or cancelling any bookings on account of suspected fraud transactions. \r\nFAKE CALLS AND OTHER SIMILAR PHISHING, SPAMMING OR FRAUDULENT ACTIVITIES \r\nTBSBUS’s employees or authorized representatives will never contact a User asking for his/ her credit or debit card number, expiry date, CVV, net banking login, passwords, OTP etc. nor will they ever request for a fund transfer to a personal or an individual bank account. Further, they will also not ask a User to install any third-party applications that enable them to view a User’s mobile or computer screen. \r\nActing on any of these requests may make you a victim of fraud, and may potentially lead to loss of your valuable money or information. \r\nIf you are ever asked for any of the aforesaid information, please report it immediately onriskcontrol@TBSBUS.com. \r\nINDEMNIFICATION \r\nThe User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless TBSBUS, its affiliates and their respective officers, directors, lawful successors and assigns from and against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses (including legal fees and disbursements in connection therewith and interest chargeable thereon) asserted against or incurred by such indemnified persons, that arise out of, result from, or may be payable by virtue of, any breach of any representation or warranty provided by the User, or non-performance of any covenant by the User. \r\nThe User shall be solely liable for any breach of any country specific rules and regulations or general code of conduct and TBSBUS cannot be held responsible for the same. \r\nCOVID-19 RELATED TERMS& CONDITIONS \r\nUser agrees that due to recent outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic, which has been declared as a national disaster by the Government of India, there may be instances, where the end service provider either cancels the booking or refuses to provide the services, as agreed with the User, by assigning or not assigning any specific reason for such refusal. Refusal of service may be due to the reasons including but not limited to the User: \r\nexhibiting any symptoms associated with COVID 19. \r\nrefusing to comply with safety advisories, like wearing protective gear, complying with social distancing norms etc. \r\nsuffering of any ailment making the User vulnerable to the virus \r\nposing a threat to the health and safety of others \r\nIn such cases TBSBUS will assume no liability for the refusal of service by the end service provider. The User also agrees that refund, if any, for such bookings will be processed by TBSBUS to the User subject to receipt of the same from the end service provider. \r\nUser further understands that due to the outbreak of COVID-19, the Central Government through its ministries, State Governments and statutory bodies have/may come up with detailed set of guidelines or standard operating procedure (SOP) that a traveler will have to follow in order to undertake the travel. \r\nThe User agrees to abide with all such guidelines/SOP while undertaking any travel. Failure to abide by such detailed set of guidelines/SOP, may lead to a situation where the service provider or any person authorized by the Central Government, State Government or statutory body may disallow the User to undertake the travel. In such circumstances, TBSBUS will not be held liable for such refusal to travel and refund, if any, shall be strictly as per the terms of the service provider. \r\nUser understands that the Central Government, State Governments and various other bodies, may mandate downloading of Arogya Setu App or submitting a self- declaration form prior to entering a transit point like bus stand, railway station etc. Accordingly, the User must ensure downloading of Arogya Setu App on their smartphones or provide any other alternate such as self-declaration when demanded. \r\nUser undertakes that all bookings are subject to certain minimum medical wellbeing criteria specified by the Govt. / appropriate authority from time to time. User should have no medical history of the COVID-19 virus 28 days before the date of scheduled travel, especially in case of inbound travel. In this regard the User may be required to furnish a medical proof or health declaration in a applicable format. \r\nMISCLLEANEOUS \r\nSEVERABILITY: If any provision of this User Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision or part of such provision and the remaining part of such provision and all other provisions of this User Agreement shall continue to be in full force and effect. \r\nJURISDICTION: This Agreement is subject to interpretation as per the laws of India, and the parties shall refer any unresolved disputes to the exclusive jurisdiction of competent courts in Bengaluru. \r\nAMENDMENT TO THE USER AGREEMENT: TBSBUS reserves the right to change the User Agreement from time to time. The User is responsible for regularly reviewing the User Agreement. \r\nCONFIDENTIALITY: Any information which is specifically mentioned by TBSBUS as confidential shall be maintained confidentially by the User and shall not be disclosed unless as required by law or to serve the purpose of this User Agreement and the obligations of both the parties herein. \r\nFEEDBACK FROM CUSTOMER: TBSBUS would like to know the feedback of the Users for improving its services. The User hereby authorizes TBSBUS to contact the User for their feedback on various services offered by TBSBUS. Such feedback may be collected through emails, telephone calls, SMS or any other medium from time to time. In case the User chooses not to be contacted, such User shall write to TBSBUS for specific exclusion at privacy@TBSBUS.com. \r\nPRIVACY POLICY: User shall also refer to TBSBUS’sPrivacy Policyavailable on TBSBUS’s website which governs use of the Websites. By using the Website, User agrees to the terms of the Privacy Policy and accordingly consents to the use of the User’s personal information by TBSBUS and its affiliates in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy. \r\nEscalate to Grievance Officer \r\nFor any escalations to the Grievance Officer, please contact Mr. Sathish Krishnan at email ID: grievanceofficer@TBSBUS.in or through the link given above where you will be required to login and select the previous complaint. You are advised to escalate to the grievance officer only when you have already raised your complaint which has not been resolved to your satisfaction, or your concern has not been resolved within 30 days from the date of ticket generation.\r\n